♪ Batman ♪♪
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Officer.
Officer. Help.
Officer!
Some kook melted the ice rink.
With a flame thrower, yet!
Ice?
In July?
But who would melt down
an ice rink
and then turn right around
ice up a street and..
You don't mean..
That diabolical snow man.
Who can only exists
in temperatures
50 degrees below zero or more.
Oh, no!
Man with a heart of ice
and a cold calculating brain
of the master criminal.
There only one man
in this entire city capable
of defrosting Mr. Freeze.
Agreed?
I'll call him, sir.
Wow!
All you do
is rough up the cover
get a good grip on the seams,
get that pitching arm--
Careful, the vase.
- Ah.
- Pow!
- What part I hit?
- You're out.
That's the way you do it. The
old Diamante fast ball special.
Shades of Sandy Koufax!
No wonder they call you
the Great Diamante.
You must be about the best
pitcher in the world.
About? Yes.
Just ask him.
I'd like to say it's not only
been a pleasure
but an education to have
the three most illustrious
members of the Gotham City
Eagles here for lunch.
- Do I hear a second?
- Second the motion.
- Third.
- Here, here.
- I hope you liked my cherry..
- The Bat-phone, sir.
Thank you, Alfred. I didn't
realize it was that late.
Seems I have an impatient
date waiting, gentlemen.
Well, what're you waiting for?
Hard to keep
the young lady waiting?
Or the ladies younger sister.
But is any young
teenage miss worth
pitching lesson
from the Great Diamante?
We were leaving anyway. Thanks
it was a wonderful dinner.
- The meal was terrific.
- Thank you, boys.
Thank you so much.
Come again, won't you?
Yes, commissioner.
Chilling news.
It's Mr. Freeze.
We're on our way.
To the Bat-poles.
♪ Batman ♪
♪ Batman Batman ♪
♪ Na na na na na na ♪
♪ Batman ♪♪
Atomic batteries to power.
Turbines to speed.
Roger, ready to move out.
Poor devil.
Forced to live in
an air condition suit
that keeps his body temperature
down to 50 degrees below zero.
No wonder his mind is warped.
Your pity is all well, Batman.
But what's he up too?
Yes. What is the point
of his shenanigans?
I see calling cards,
Chief O'Hara.
To let me know he's back
in Gotham City.
Of course, he wants revenge.
- I'm not so sure I blame him.
- It was an accident, Batman.
You didn't mean to knock that
beaker of instant freeze on him
during a fight
in his laboratory.
The Boy Wonder is right.
He was the culprit, Batman.
Experimenting
with those devilish
instant freeze solutions
and for some
criminal purpose, undoubtedly.
True, commissioner.
Nevertheless I feel it's my duty
not only to catch him
but with all the medical
know how at our command
to help that sorry creature
back to a normal way of life.
Noble sentiments, Batman.
Wasted on
the fiendish likes of him.
Perhaps, men.
We'll soon see.
But with his revenge,
he just may want a dividend.
- A dividend?
- Money.
Maintaining his sub zero
environment is expensive.
Holy iceberg!
We can expect a crime wave.
No, Robin.
A cold wave.
- Of terror.
- How?
Where will he strike first?
That's for him to plot
and us to guess.
We'll use our anti-crime
computer in the Bat-cave.
Right, Robin.
If there're any new strange
occurrences, commissioner
call us immediately
on the hotline.
To the Batmobile.
Let's go.
And even as the dynamic duos
speeds back to the Bat-cave
a strange scene ensues
inside Mr. Freeze's
super air conditioned
mountain hideout.
Revenge! Revenge!
I will pin Batman's hide
to the walls of City Hall
after I have made him the
laughing stock of Gotham City.
Oh!
Well, Kolevator, what're
you waiting for Christmas?
You forgot to turn on
my hot path, sir.
I forgot
that you have not the same
reverse metabolism
as I have.
There nice warm
76 degree temperature
from kitchen to table.
Thank you, sir.
Nippy, have you ordered
the airplane
to go zoom, zoom, zoom?
Yeah, boss.
Und Chill, how many Batman's
have you hired
for this afternoon?
- Five, boss.
- Und Mo, how many of me?
And five of youse naturally.
Five Batman's,
five of me.
This is the beginning
of the end of Batman's.
Nippy, give my order
to unleash the decoys.
Right, boss.
I will toy with him
like cat with mouse.
I will lure him right
to the scene of the crime.
First I toy,
then I destroy.
In the Bat-cave far below
Stately Wayne Manor
Batman and the Boy Wonder
make plans for their meeting
with their frosty foe.
'Ten, nine,
eight, seven, six'
'five, four, three,
two, one, zero.'
Zero is maximum.
Failed again. The anti-freeze
capsule, won't do the job.
Iced tea, sir.
Holy blizzard!
Who needs iced tea
at a time like this, Alfred?
Hot tea might be more
appropriate, Alfred.
Under the circumstances.
I anticipated
the circumstances, sir.
Piping hot.
- Anticipated?
- Yes, sir. From the newspaper.
A rather strange little column
concerning melted ice rinks
and bursting ice dispensers.
Might lead one to suppose
that Mr. Freeze
was back in town again.
- He's back, alright.
- Unfortunately.
- Seeking revenge.
- Oh, dear, dear me.
How very distressing.
And this...this freezing
chamber contraption
if I might be so bold
as to enquire, sir.
Would that be some sort of
defense against, Mr. Freeze?
Not that. This.
This new anti-freeze capsule.
Taken internally
and enables the person
to withstand intense cold.
But we're using the freezing
chamber to test the results.
If I understand you
correctly, sir.
- It tested down to..
- Zero.
Not cold enough, sir?
To be affective against
Mr. Freeze
we must withstand 50 degrees
below zero temperatures.
If we're forced to meet him
on his own ground.
I'm sure we're in for
a mighty chilly reception.
Do you think
it might come to that, sir?
Who knows.
All we can assume
is that somewhere, somehow
his evil scheme
for revenge is in operation..
...right now.
But how can Batman be
in six places at once?
Impossible.
oh, Look at these
patrol car reports.
He's been spotted uptown,
downtown, east side, west side.
And every officer wants to know,
what's the trouble?
What's Batman doing
in my territory?
Impossible.
They're imposters of course.
We must notify Batman.
Yes, commissioner.
You asked me to report
any strange occurrences.
I think this one qualifies.
Now, that's the last location
where a patrol car spotted me?
'You were seen there
less than two minutes ago.'
Wait a minute.
Hold on. Hold..
"Batman last reported
at 59th street, now at 57th."
- That about wraps it up.
- I'll be in touch.
Move me in
from 59th street to 57th.
Holy schizophrenia!
If you're all these places
at the same time..
You sure are spreading yourself
pretty thin.
Notice the pattern.
They all seem to be moving
in to the center.
44th between 5th and 6th.
Leapin' Lumbago!
- The diamond exchange.
- The diamond..
But of course.
Diamonds.
In the vernacular
of the underworld  ice!
Let's go!
Very nice. Thank you.
Now, the famous Star Of Kashmir
diamond, if you please.
Oh, dear me no.
Not the Star Of Kashmir.
- The star. Immediately.
- Well, I-I..
It's in the safe. There.
But I don't know
the combination.
Cross my heart
and hope to die.
Who needs combination?
Drop 'em.
Who needs chicken feed.
Ah! Look at that.
The most
valuable diamond in the world.
The second.
Nein! Nein!
No guns.
How many times must I tell you,
no ordinary guns.
I want they should be
frozen stiff.
Mr. Perkins.
- Look. It's Batman.
- Oh, dear.
Like one big happy family, eh?
Hey, the real Batman.
Follow me.
It's the real me, chum.
Nein. Nein.
Batman, look.
Mr. Freeze.
Holy snowball!
The turbines they're iced.
We're frozen out.
Batman. Look.
Pow, if only
I could've landed
one punch
on the real Mr. Freeze.
Think positive, Robin.
Our computer
should clue us in
on where he's liable
to strike next.
Jewelry shops?
Why didn't I think of that?
One thing we know for sure.
Mr. Freeze is out to steal
all the ice in Gotham City.
On the contrary,
one thing we know for sure is
that he's not out to steal
all the ice in Gotham City.
Otherwise why would he leave
a fortune in lose diamonds
on the floor
of the diamond exchange.
Yeah! Yeah!
Assuming he doesn't want
all the ice.
Perhaps he does want the best.
These cards indicate the most
expensive diamonds in the world
and where they're located.
Circle the locations on the map.
"Marie Antoinette Tiara
Trieste Jeweler
"52nd and Avenue, Peace.
'"Devil's Teardrop,
Maurice Leroux Export.'
"Ghiaccio Circulo."
The most valuable diamond
in the world.
But that's not in Gotham City.
It's owned by
Princess Sandra
of the principality of Molino.
That's it.
"The Ghiaccio Circulo."
English translation,
"Ice circle."
- I'm studying Italian.
- Excellent.
- Circle for zero.
- Zero temperature.
Owned by the Princess Sandra.
- Who's flying to Gotham City.
- For the charity baseball game.
- Tomorrow afternoon.
- Tonight.
But the game's tomorrow.
But she's arriving tonight.
Meanwhile in the royal suite
of the Gotham City Hotel.
Princess Sandra, formerly
Sandra Carlson from Brooklyn
tends her social affairs.
Unaware of
an impending surprise.
Call the ambassador and tell him
that I'll be over to receive him
on Thursday at 2 p.m. and make
sure you talk to his wife.
Freshly cut flowers
for the dining room.
Thank you, Gabriel.
And I'm expecting 30 people.
What is it?
'For your Royal Highness,
from Molino by air.'
Oh, how delightful. I wonder
what cut of beef this is?
- It's cold cuts.
- The alarm.
Yes, commissioner.
The royal suite...we're getting
a continuous signal
from that special alarm system
that you told us to install.
Good.
It's working, Batman.
Gotham City Hotel.
Stop. Nobody move
or they get frozen stiff too.
Well, now, Ghiaccio Circulo,
if you please.
The diamond, now.
Wait. Let's take a short cut.
Right. They could have
look outs in the lobby.
No. No.
Nobody says no to me, never.
Wunderbar. Wunderbar.
Tell Batman when he arrives,
if he arrives, what happened.
Tell him yourself,
Dr. Schimmell.
Alias, Mr. Freeze.
No, Robin, the safety
of the hotel guest first.
Fire under control.
After them, Robin.
Sorry about this, Your Highness.
Nein. Nein. Nein. Stop.
I don't want to kill you.
Not yet. Not yet.
Not yet.
I'm sorry, Batman. I wanted to
toy with you a little longer.
But that is the way
the ice cube crumbles.
Has Batman struck out?
Is Robin cool, for good?
Can no one save our
noble pair of human popsicles?
Answers tomorrow night!
Same time, same channel.
One word of warning.
By watching you too,
can lose your cool!
♪ Batman ♪
♪ Batman Batman ♪
♪ Na na na na na ♪
♪ Batman ♪♪
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org